Ruby (TQ): Where am I?
Ruby (TQ): Maybe that ghost can help me…

G1
Ghost: puts “Hello”
Ghost: Hello

R2
Ruby (TQ): I need to use the Ruby language to talk. In Ruby, a group of words or letters make a string. Here are some strings: “Ruby”, “Hello, world”, “Bacon pancakes”
Ruby (TQ): When you use the command ‘puts’, it tells me to say the words in the string.
Ruby (TQ): Please type: puts “Hello” to help me say hello. 

R3
Ruby: puts “Hello”
Ruby: Hello

G2
Ghost: puts “What is your name?”
Ghost: What is your name?

R4
Ruby (TQ): Please type: puts “My name is Ruby”

R5
Ruby: puts “My name is Ruby”
Ruby: My name is Ruby

G3
Ghost: puts “My name is Van Ghost”
Ghost: My name is Van Ghost
Ghost: puts “Do you need help fixing your spaceship?”
Ghost: Do you need help fixing your spaceship?

R6
Ruby (TQ): Please type: puts “Yes, please”

R7
Ruby: puts “Yes, please”
Ruby: Yes, please

G4
Ghost: puts “Find rubies to fix your spaceship! Keep exploring and you’ll find some.”
Ghost: Find rubies to fix your spaceship! Keep exploring and you’ll find some.

G5
Ghost: puts “You should put your rubies in the bank”
Ghost: You should put your rubies in the bank

R8
Ruby (TQ): Let’s use the Ruby language to keep track of my rubies
Ruby (TQ): Please type: rubies = 3 to put my 3 rubies in the bank

G6
Ghost: puts “Here is a ruby for you”
Ghost: Here is a ruby for you

R9
Ruby (TQ): Let’s use Ruby to add this ruby to the bank
Ruby (TQ): Please type: rubies += 1 to add my ruby to the bank

G7
Ghost: puts “Explore the world and find more rubies!”
Ghost: Explore the world and find more rubies!
Ghost: puts “Good luck!”
Ghost: Good luck!

R10
Ruby (TQ): Please help me say “Thank you”

R11
Ruby: puts “Thank you”
Ruby: Thank you

R12
Ruby (TQ): Please type: puts “Thank you”

M1
Mechanic: puts “Hello”
Mechanic: Hello

R13
Ruby (TQ): Please help me say “Hello”

R14
Ruby: puts “Hello”
Ruby: Hello

R15
Ruby (TQ): Please type: puts “Hello” to help me say hello

M2
Mechanic: puts “My toolbox is a mess! The letters are lost and confused!”
Mechanic: My toolbox is a mess! The letters are lost and confused!

R16
Ruby (TQ): Please help me say “I can help you”

R17
Ruby: puts “I can help you”
Ruby: I can help you

R18
Ruby (TQ): Please type: puts “I can help you”

R19
Ruby (TQ): Looks like the screwdriver is backwards. To flip a string around in Ruby, you can use the command “reverse”.
Ruby (TQ): Try typing this: “revidrwercs”.reverse

M3
Mechanic: puts “Good job! Way to turn things around!”
Mechanic: Good job! Way to turn things around!

R20
Ruby (TQ): Looks like the bolts are all in uppercase. To make a string lowercase in Ruby, you can use the command “downcase”.
Ruby (TQ): Try typing this: “BOLTS”.downcase

M4
Mechanic: puts “Nicely done!”
Mechanic: Nicely done

R21
Ruby (TQ): Looks like the Super Awesome Spaceship Tool (SAST) needs to be in uppercase. To make a string uppercase in Ruby, you can use the command “up case”.
Ruby (TQ): Try typing this: “sast”.upcase

M5
Mechanic: puts “Out of this world!”
Mechanic: Out of this world!

R22
Ruby (TQ): Looks like the Allen key letters are all in the wrong case. To switch all the cases in a string in the Ruby language, you can use the command “swapcase”.
Ruby (TQ): Try typing this: “aLLEN KEY”.swapcase 

M5
Mechanic: puts “You’ve got the key to success”
Mechanic: You’ve got the key to success

R23
Ruby (TQ): Uh oh. The laser beam is both uppercase and backwards. What now?
Ruby (TQ): You can use the Ruby language to change a string in many ways at once. Try typing this: “MAEB RESAL”.downcase.reverse

M6
Mechanic: puts “Smashing work”
Mechanic: Smashing work

M7
Mechanic: puts “Uh oh. There’s only one nail in the toolbox. You need 5 nails to fix your spaceship.”
Mechanic: Uh oh. There’s only one nail in the toolbox. You need 5 nails to fix your spaceship.

R24
Ruby (TQ): To repeat a string in the Ruby language, you can use the multiplication sign *. Try typing this: “nail” * 5

M8
Mechanic: puts “Nailed it!”
Mechanic: Nailed it

